good night to all the viewers
sevilla fc television we go with the
first protagonist after the second
triumph in the group stage of the uefa
europa league
jairo very good night good night
how good the important trump
the team has gone more in game three
new points six of six and leading
the classification if the truth that is very
happy for the victory that was the most
important of all get those three
points to get a little more
leaders if possible and good the team has
been very good from the beginning
subduing the rival if it is true that the
first part was a little bit ugly
it cost us to enter and the second one we have
had a little more patience and good
to the occasions they have arrived and I believe
that the result could have been a
little more bulky even continues with step
firm is the team in europe and that's
important is always also
fundamental to win in the competition
European but get the classification
for the next round as soon as possible
to also think about the league where
has to recover ground is
fundamental for sevilla if the truth
that good also we play at home and that
you always have to notice the game is
against the team you play and what
we have shown in the first minute and
If it's true that what he says is that
The sooner we classify, the better
for all
to recover people to be able to go
doing rotations especially thinking
in the league we have to win three
in three has known to have patience not the
team if the second part especially the
first they were pretty folded
them and it was becoming more difficult for us
rocky team and good the second part
we have advanced the sides a bit
that the interiors have come to
receive inside and we have been
several spaces to the back and jairo
indisputable holder and also a play
individual the second both complete and
generous in the end the man goal was to
ibaka and has been generous but the play
very good and with so important also
for you if I really am very
happy to maintain the confidence of
mister in these last two games he
I 'm showing it with play and
assistance is equal for example and good
the play what the partner said
that was better to push it there
have to pass it even though the play has already
been very beautiful now it's time to change the
'chip' now plays the league there you have to
recover ground and you can not fail
before the almeria again at home the
Sunday
with the support of the people we have to
subdue the rival and for them from the
first minute to get the three points
of happiness and a strong hug